capital = 608

oob = "BEY_1936"

set_stability = 0.7
set_war_support = 0.6
set_research_slots = 2
starting_train_buffer = 3

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
    type = train_equipment_1
    amount = 50
    producer = JAP
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	basic_train = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	renminzhanzheng = 1
}

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = CHI modifier = hostile_status
}


set_popularities = {
	democratic = 35
	fascism = 16
	communism = 6
	neutrality = 43

}
set_politics = {

	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {
	export_focus
	extensive_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	CHI_tiger_idea
	CHI_army_corruption_1
  	CHI_incompetent_officers
  	idea_man_railway
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}

give_military_access = JAP
give_military_access = RUS
give_military_access = MAN


recruit_character = BEY_li_shuwen
recruit_character = BEY_gao_changgong
recruit_character = BEY_huo_qinge
recruit_character = BEY_hong_meiling
recruit_character = BEY_chen_tiaoyuan
recruit_character = BEY_jiang_baili
recruit_character = BEY_li_jinglin
recruit_character = BEY_liu_menggeng
recruit_character = BEY_ma_zhanshan
recruit_character = BEY_qi_xieyuan
recruit_character = BEY_shi_yousan
recruit_character = BEY_sun_chuanfang
recruit_character = BEY_sun_dianying
recruit_character = BEY_wu_peifu
recruit_character = BEY_yan_xishan
recruit_character = BEY_yang_yuting
recruit_character = BEY_zhang_jinghui
recruit_character = BEY_zhang_xueliang
recruit_character = BEY_zhang_zizhong
recruit_character = BEY_zhang_zongchang
recruit_character = BEY_zhang_zuoxiang
recruit_character = BEY_wan_fulin
recruit_character = BEY_wang_lingyun
recruit_character = BEY_wu_junsheng
recruit_character = BEY_shangguan_yunxiang

