capital = 307
oob = "VEN_1936"
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
	}
}
set_convoys = 10
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
recruit_character = BOL_josé_luis_tejada_sorzano
recruit_character = BOL_Óscar_Únzaga_de_la_vega
recruit_character = BOL_jorge_blanco
recruit_character = BOL_severino_ruíztagle
recruit_character = BOL_eusebio_ayala
recruit_character = BOL_tomas_monje_gutierrez
recruit_character = BOL_gil_ibarra_juarez
recruit_character = BOL_gualberto_villarroel_lopez
recruit_character = BOL_jose_santos_quinteros
recruit_character = BOL_fabian_vaca_chavez
recruit_character = BOL_david_toro_ruilova
recruit_character = BOL_enrique_baldivieso_aparicio
recruit_character = BOL_roberto_hinojosa
recruit_character = BOL_carlos_altamirano
recruit_character = BOL_julian_montellano_carrasco
recruit_character = BOL_hector_bilbao_roja
recruit_character = BOL_alberto_ostria_gutierrez
recruit_character = BOL_enrique_finot
recruit_character = BOL_german_busch_beccera
recruit_character = BOL_jose_maria_gutierrez

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 85
	communism = 15
}

