capital = 660

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = CAR_awt
recruit_character = CAR_acd2
recruit_character = CAR_nt
recruit_character = CAR_aco2
recruit_character = CAR_acas
recruit_character = CAR_acr
recruit_character = CAR_mt
recruit_character = CAR_stc
recruit_character = CAR_aa2
recruit_character = CAR_ncm
recruit_character = CAR_communist_guy
recruit_character = CAR_ncs
recruit_character = CAR_pot
recruit_character = CAR_nccr
recruit_character = CAR_fascist_guy
recruit_character = CAR_coi
recruit_character = CAR_ai2
recruit_character = CAR_democratic_guy
recruit_character = CAR_ar
recruit_character = CAR_acgs

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}
