capital = 279
oob = "VEN_1936"
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
	}
}
set_convoys = 10
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = CHL_arturo_alessandri
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_gonzález_von_marées
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_contreras_labarca
recruit_character = CHL_escudero_oscar_otárola
recruit_character = CHL_domingo_blanco
recruit_character = CHL_julio_allard_pinto
recruit_character = CHL_gustavo_silva
recruit_character = CHL_jose_luis_sanchez_besa
recruit_character = CHL_marmaduke_grove
recruit_character = CHL_e_novoa_fuentes
recruit_character = CHL_dario_mujica_gamboa
recruit_character = CHL_c_j_de_la_motte
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_fuentes_rabe
recruit_character = CHL_arturo_espinoza_mujica
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_puga_monsalve
recruit_character = CHL_francisco_o_ryan_orrego
recruit_character = CHL_ernesto_m_orlando
recruit_character = CHL_dario_cellejas_rojas
recruit_character = CHL_ariosto_herrera
recruit_character = CHL_luis_alamos_barros
recruit_character = CHL_miguel_cruchaga_tacomal
recruit_character = CHL_gustavo_ross_santa_maria




set_popularities = {
	democratic = 85
	communism = 15
}
