capital = 315
oob = "CUB_1936"
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
	}
}

recruit_character = CUB_josé_agripino_barnet
recruit_character = CUB_guillermo_cabral
recruit_character = CUB_wenceslao_carmona
recruit_character = CUB_gregorio_morales
recruit_character = CUB_fidel_castro
recruit_character = CUB_enrique_c_rolas
recruit_character = CUB_palaez_menendez
recruit_character = CUB_domingo_r_del_toro
recruit_character = CUB_eduardo_chibas
recruit_character = CUB_juan_blas_hernandez
recruit_character = CUB_sergio_carbo
recruit_character = CUB_fulgencio_batista
recruit_character = CUB_rodrigo_a_fuentes
recruit_character = CUB_sandalio_junco
recruit_character = CUB_salvador_castaneda_castro
recruit_character = CUB_angel_gonzalez
recruit_character = CUB_julio_sanguily
recruit_character = CUB_carlos_prio
recruit_character = CUB_gerardo_machado
recruit_character = CUB_eugenio_molinet_castro
set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine
set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 20


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.10"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 98
	communism = 2
}


