capital = 47
oob = "GRE_1936"
set_naval_oob = "GRE_1936_naval_mtg"
set_cosmetic_tag = GRE_neutrality
set_research_slots = 3
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	#trench_warfare = 1

	fate_machine_gun_position = 1
	fate_trench_warfare = 1
	fate_heavy_artillery_fire = 1
	fate_charge = 1

	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
}

set_technology = {
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	coastal_defense_ships = 1
	pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
}

1936.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = {
		export_focus
		limited_conscription
		civilian_economy
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = ITA
		modifier = GRE_strong_trading_ties
	}
	GER = {
		add_opinion_modifier = {
			target = ITA
			modifier = GRE_strong_trading_ties
		}
	}
}

set_convoys = 10
ITA = {
	set_autonomy = {
		target = GRE
		autonomy_state = autonomy_personal_union
	}
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1935.6.9"
	election_frequency = 7
	elections_allowed = no	# none after offset 1
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 38
	fascism = 43
	communism = 2
	neutrality = 17
}

set_stability = 0.72
set_war_support = 0.23
set_convoys = 80
# leader
recruit_character = GRE_constantine_xi
recruit_character = GRE_alexander_the_great
recruit_character = GRE_Jason
recruit_character = GRE_Kirschtaria_Wodime
recruit_character = GRE_Medea
recruit_character = GRE_leonidas
recruit_character = GRE_achilles
recruit_character = GRE_stheno
recruit_character = GRE_euryale
recruit_character = GRE_medusa
recruit_character = GRE_atalanta
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_papagos
recruit_character = GRE_charalambos_katsimitros
recruit_character = GRE_markos_drakos
recruit_character = GRE_theodoros_pangalos
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_psarros
recruit_character = GRE_panagiotis_demestichas
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_sakellariou
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_plastiras
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_ventiris
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_tsolakoglou
recruit_character = GRE_aris_velouchiotis
recruit_character = GRE_petros_voulgaris
recruit_character = GRE_panagiotis_gazis
recruit_character = GRE_vasilios_tsarpalis
recruit_character = GRE_spyridon_avgeris
recruit_character = GRE_marinos_mitralexis
recruit_character = GRE_napoleon_zervas
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_oikonomou
recruit_character = GRE_nikos_beloyannis
recruit_character = GRE_epameinondas_kavvadias
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_kosmas
recruit_character = GRE_aristeidis_dimitratos
recruit_character = GRE_xenophon_giosmas
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_papandreou
recruit_character = GRE_father_dimistrios
recruit_character = GRE_sophoklis_venizelos
recruit_character = GRE_dimitris_glinos
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_holevas
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_maniadakis
recruit_character = GRE_eleftherios_venizelos
recruit_character = GRE_aristotle_onassis
recruit_character = GRE_emmanouil_tsouderos
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_metaxas
recruit_character = GRE_markos_vafiadis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_tsaldaris


create_operative_leader = {
	name = "Patrick Leigh Fermor"
	GFX = GFX_portrait_eng_patrick_fermor
	bypass_recruitment = no
	available_to_spy_master = yes
	female = no
	nationalities = {
		ENG
		GRE
	}
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
# Submarines #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Katsonis Class"
	type = ship_hull_submarine_1
	name_group = GRE_SS_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Glafkos Class"
	type = ship_hull_submarine_2
	name_group = GRE_SS_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
	}
}

# Destroyers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Aetos Class"
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = GRE_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Hydra Class"
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = GRE_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
	}
}

# Cruisers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Averof Class"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
	name_group = GRE_CA_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Elli Class"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = GRE_CL_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
	}
}

# Battleships #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Kilkis Class"
	type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
	name_group = GRE_BB_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
		front_1_custom_slot = empty
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

#####