capital = 291

oob = "IRQ_1936"
set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	# early_fighter = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	# CAS1 = 1
	# early_bomber = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	# gwtank = 1
	# basic_light_tank = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	# early_fighter = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1

	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	radio_detection = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1

	construction1 = 1

	Mesopotamia = 1

}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "IRQ_1936_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "IRQ_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
set_convoys = 150

add_ideas = {
  irq_mesopotamia_civilization
  irq_kurds_opposite_1
  irq_marshes
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		armor_tech_1 = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
	}
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 75
	fascism = 20
	communism = 0
	democratic = 5
}
set_politics = {

	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = IRQ_yusuf_salman_yusuf
recruit_character = irq_siduri
recruit_character = IRQ_Enkidu
recruit_character = IRQ_Ishtar
recruit_character = IRQ_Gilgamesh
recruit_character = IRQ_Semiramis
recruit_character = IRQ_Ereshkigal


recruit_character = irq_barzan
recruit_character = irq_flueger
recruit_character = irq_atrum_galliasta
recruit_character = IRQ_Ziusudra
recruit_character = IRQ_Tiamat


recruit_character = IRQ_taha_al_ahmani
recruit_character = IRQ_fahmi_said
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_mahmud_al_shaykh
recruit_character = IRQ_iskandar_al-shami
recruit_character = IRQ_abdullah_al-tell
recruit_character = IRQ_mustafa_al_quidsi
recruit_character = IRQ_hamdi_al_pachachi
recruit_character = IRQ_fawsi_al_kaukji
recruit_character = IRQ_khaled_al_dalabeeh
recruit_character = IRQ_jamil_al_midfai
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_ben_jawad
recruit_character = IRQ_bakr_sidqi
recruit_character = IRQ_abdullah
recruit_character = IRQ_amir_al_illah
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_abn_hussein
recruit_character = IRQ_nuri_as_said











