capital = 266

oob = "PER_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "PER_1936_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "PER_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1

		}
	}
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	# early_fighter = 1
	# CAS1 = 1
}

# Oil export foreign exchange
add_offsite_building = {
	type = industrial_complex
	level = 3
}

set_convoys = 10
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}

recruit_character = PER_reza_shah_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_soleyman_mirza_eskandari
recruit_character = PER_hasan_arfa
recruit_character = PER_dalir_pesyan
recruit_character = PER_sohrab_tahmasebi
recruit_character = PER_mir_afkhami
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_khan_nakhjavan
recruit_character = PER_reza_mizani
recruit_character = PER_ali_razmara
recruit_character = PER_hassan_majid_firooz
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_mira_khosravani
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_khan_nakhjaavan
recruit_character = PER_mohammed_nakhjavani
recruit_character = PER_abdolreza_afkhami
recruit_character = PER_fazlollah_zahedi
recruit_character = PER_mohammed_reza_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_ali_akbar_deiva
recruit_character = PER_hossein_afkhami
recruit_character = PER_ali_zohayli
recruit_character = PER_mahmud_jam
recruit_character = PER_ali_khan_mansour

