capital = 439

oob = "RAJ_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "RAJ_1936_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "RAJ_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			CAS1 = 1
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}

set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	transport = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	# CAS1 = 1
	# early_fighter = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_ideas = {
		ENG_IDEC_idea
		RAJ_princely_states
		RAJ_marginalized_muslim_community
		RAJ_agrarian_society
		RAJ_risk_of_famine
	}

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research
}

set_convoys = 20

set_cosmetic_tag = RAJ_UK # British Raj

1939.1.1 = {
	
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
		}
		complete_national_focus = RAJ_lessons_of_the_great_war
		complete_national_focus = RAJ_vickers_berthier_gun
		complete_national_focus = RAJ_army_motorization
		complete_national_focus = RAJ_british_pilot_training
		complete_national_focus = RAJ_great_indian_peninsula_railway
		complete_national_focus = RAJ_east_india_railways
		complete_national_focus = RAJ_found_scindia_shipyard
		complete_national_focus = RAJ_industrial_expansion
		complete_national_focus = RAJ_ishapore_arsenal
	}

	add_political_power = 1198
	oob = "RAJ_1939"

	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = large_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort

	add_ideas = {
		#laws
		volunteer_only
		low_economic_mobilisation
	}

	
	set_technology = {
		
		# early_fighter = 1
		fighter1 = 1
		#doctrines
		#Air
		force_rotation = 1
		fighter_baiting = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1

		trench_warfare = 1
		prepared_defense = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		subsidiary_carrier_role = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1
		convoy_escorts = 1
		submarine_operations = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		decimetric_radar = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1
		basic_encryption = 1
		basic_decryption = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_refining2 = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		construction3 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
		dispersed_industry3 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 17
	fascism = 2
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 80
}



# REVISIT Unclear if appropriate for this ideology

recruit_character = RAJ_noel_beresfordpeirse
recruit_character = RAJ_frank_messervy
recruit_character = RAJ_douglas_gracey
recruit_character = RAJ_herbert_fitzherbert
recruit_character = RAJ_scandinavia_peperoncino
recruit_character = RAJ_kama
recruit_character = RAJ_p._krishna_pillai
recruit_character = RAJ_parvati
recruit_character = RAJ_john_edward_golightly
recruit_character = RAJ_w_h_gould_bradford
recruit_character = RAJ_william_e_parry
recruit_character = RAJ_chakravarti_rajagopalachari
recruit_character = RAJ_reginald_savory
recruit_character = RAJ_arjan_singh_vibhusan
recruit_character = RAJ_mahatma_mohandas_gandhi
recruit_character = RAJ_arthur_a_barrett
recruit_character = RAJ_bhaskar_soman
recruit_character = RAJ_rajendra_prasad
recruit_character = RAJ_ravindra_darshan_singh
recruit_character = RAJ_bhimrao_ramji_ambedkar
recruit_character = RAJ_kodandera_cariappa
recruit_character = RAJ_homi_j_bhabha
recruit_character = RAJ_anyang_bhula
recruit_character = RAJ_john_mathai
recruit_character = RAJ_mohan_singh
recruit_character = RAJ_karam_singh_mann
recruit_character = RAJ_mehar_singh
recruit_character = RAJ_bruce_w_mcpherson
recruit_character = RAJ_aspy_merwan_engineer
recruit_character = RAJ_subroto_mukherjee
recruit_character = RAJ_ram_dass_katari
recruit_character = RAJ_archibald_wavell
recruit_character = RAJ_louis_mountbatten
recruit_character = RAJ_ram_singh_thakur
recruit_character = RAJ_agha_khan_iii
recruit_character = RAJ_subhas_chanda_bose
recruit_character = RAJ_bahadur_jayla_of_khoch_bahur
recruit_character = RAJ_sir_mohammed_iqbal