capital = 307
oob = "VEN_1936"
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 10
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}

add_ideas = USA_morone_doctrine_idea
##
recruit_character = CEN_abelardo_cuadra
recruit_character = CEN_anastasia_somoza_garcia
recruit_character = CEN_anastasio_somoza_garcia
recruit_character = CEN_andres_ignacio_menendez
recruit_character = CEN_augusto_cesar_sandino
recruit_character = CEN_boris_salazar
recruit_character = CEN_crezca_gendarmerie
recruit_character = CEN_david_kahnhawk
recruit_character = CEN_dorothy_neumann
recruit_character = CEN_federal_council
recruit_character = CEN_fermoso_jose
recruit_character = CEN_fernando_figuls_quiros
##recruit_character = CEN_hannah_rock ##In panama
recruit_character = CEN_jose_leon_castro
recruit_character = CEN_jose_maria_orellana
recruit_character = CEN_lazaro_chacon_gonzalez
recruit_character = CEN_manuel_pino
recruit_character = CEN_marcella_beaumont
recruit_character = CEN_maximiliano_martinez
recruit_character = CEN_misteriosa
recruit_character = CEN_molina_rothscha
recruit_character = CEN_osmin_aguirre_y_salinaia
recruit_character = CEN_osmin_aguirre_y_salinas
recruit_character = CEN_salvador_castaneda_castro
##