capital = 107
oob = "SER_1936"
set_research_slots = 3
add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}

set_technology = {
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
}

set_convoys = 10
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 20
	fascism = 20
	communism = 20
	neutrality = 40
}

set_stability = 0.6
# 1936 Start #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Ikarus IK-2"	#
	type = small_plane_airframe_1
	modules = {
		fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
		fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = aircraft_cannon_1_1x
		engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
		special_type_slot_1 = empty
	}
}

recruit_character = SER_aleksandar_beric
recruit_character = SER_aleksander_rankovic
recruit_character = SER_alexander_karadordevic
recruit_character = SER_arso_jovanovic
recruit_character = SER_bogoljub_ilic
recruit_character = SER_branko_zivotic
recruit_character = SER_danilo_kalafatovic
recruit_character = SER_dimitrije_ljotic
recruit_character = SER_dragomir_vasic
recruit_character = SER_dragutin_gavrilovic
recruit_character = SER_dragutin_keserovic
recruit_character = SER_draza_mihailovic
recruit_character = SER_dusan_simovic
recruit_character = SER_dusan_trifunovic
recruit_character = SER_filip_filipovic
recruit_character = SER_ilija_trifunovic_bircanin
recruit_character = SER_joksim_gajic
recruit_character = SER_jovan_naumovic
recruit_character = SER_koca_popovic
recruit_character = SER_kosta_musicki
recruit_character = SER_ljubomir_davidovic
recruit_character = SER_ljubomir_maric
recruit_character = SER_ljubomir_milic
recruit_character = SER_lubomir_maric
recruit_character = SER_marijan_polic
recruit_character = SER_milan_gavrilovic
recruit_character = SER_milan_gorkic
recruit_character = SER_milan_grol
recruit_character = SER_milan_nedic
recruit_character = SER_milan_spasic
recruit_character = SER_milan_stojadinovic
recruit_character = SER_milo_kenjic
recruit_character = SER_milos_crnjanski
recruit_character = SER_milutin_nedic
recruit_character = SER_mirolad_petrovic
recruit_character = SER_momcilo_dujic
recruit_character = SER_mosa_pijade
recruit_character = SER_nikola_uzunovic
recruit_character = SER_petar_bojovic
recruit_character = SER_petar_kosic
recruit_character = SER_petar_nedeljkovic
recruit_character = SER_petar_pesic
recruit_character = SER_petar_vukcevic
recruit_character = SER_petar_zivkovic
recruit_character = SER_peter_karadordevic
recruit_character = SER_petko_miletic
recruit_character = SER_prince_george
recruit_character = SER_prince_paul
recruit_character = SER_sima_markovic
recruit_character = SER_slobodan_jovanovic
recruit_character = SER_srdan_budisavljevic
recruit_character = SER_tadija_sondermajer
recruit_character = SER_temporary_national_representation
recruit_character = SER_trifun_kaclerovic
recruit_character = SER_vladimir_cukavac
recruit_character = SER_vukasin_markovic
recruit_character = SER_zivko_topalovic
recruit_character = SER_zivojin_peric
##
declare_war_on = {
	target = MNT
	type = annex_everything
}

##