recruit_character = BEY_li_shuwen
recruit_character = BEY_gao_changgong
recruit_character = BEY_huo_qinge
recruit_character = BEY_sheng_shicai
recruit_character = BEY_hong_meiling
recruit_character = BEY_chen_tiaoyuan
recruit_character = BEY_jiang_baili
recruit_character = BEY_li_jinglin
recruit_character = BEY_liu_menggeng
recruit_character = BEY_ma_zhanshan
recruit_character = BEY_qi_xieyuan
recruit_character = BEY_shi_yousan
recruit_character = BEY_sun_chuanfang
recruit_character = BEY_sun_dianying
recruit_character = BEY_wu_peifu
recruit_character = BEY_yan_xishan
recruit_character = BEY_yang_yuting
recruit_character = BEY_zhang_jinghui
recruit_character = BEY_zhang_xueliang
recruit_character = BEY_zhang_zongchang
recruit_character = BEY_zhang_zuoxiang
recruit_character = BEY_wan_fulin
recruit_character = BEY_wang_lingyun
recruit_character = BEY_shangguan_yunxiang
recruit_character = BEY_fu_zuoyi
recruit_character = BEY_huang_feihu
recruit_character = BEY_huyan_zhuo
recruit_character = BEY_yan_qing
recruit_character = BEY_wellington_koo
recruit_character = BEY_weiching_yen
recruit_character = BEY_hu_shih
recruit_character = BEY_shen_honglie
recruit_character = BEY_wu_renli
recruit_character = BEY_du_xigui
