recruit_character = GRE_constantine_xi
recruit_character = GRE_alexander_the_great
recruit_character = GRE_Jason
recruit_character = GRE_Kirschtaria_Wodime
recruit_character = GRE_Medea
recruit_character = GRE_leonidas
recruit_character = GRE_achilles
recruit_character = GRE_stheno
recruit_character = GRE_euryale
recruit_character = GRE_medusa
recruit_character = GRE_atalanta
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_papagos
recruit_character = GRE_charalambos_katsimitros
recruit_character = GRE_markos_drakos
recruit_character = GRE_theodoros_pangalos
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_psarros
recruit_character = GRE_panagiotis_demestichas
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_sakellariou
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_plastiras
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_ventiris
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_tsolakoglou
recruit_character = GRE_aris_velouchiotis
recruit_character = GRE_petros_voulgaris
recruit_character = GRE_panagiotis_gazis
recruit_character = GRE_vasilios_tsarpalis
recruit_character = GRE_spyridon_avgeris
recruit_character = GRE_marinos_mitralexis
recruit_character = GRE_napoleon_zervas
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_oikonomou
recruit_character = GRE_nikos_beloyannis
recruit_character = GRE_epameinondas_kavvadias
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_kosmas
recruit_character = GRE_aristeidis_dimitratos
recruit_character = GRE_xenophon_giosmas
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_papandreou
recruit_character = GRE_father_dimistrios
recruit_character = GRE_sophoklis_venizelos
recruit_character = GRE_dimitris_glinos
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_holevas
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_maniadakis
