recruit_character = TUR_mustafa_kemal_ataturk
recruit_character = TUR_fevzi_cakmak
recruit_character = TUR_fakhri_pasha
recruit_character = TUR_izzettin_chalishlar
recruit_character = TUR_kazim_karabekir
recruit_character = TUR_mustafa_muglali
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_salih_omurtak
recruit_character = TUR_hayrullah_fisek
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_nuri_yamut
recruit_character = TUR_cemil_cahit_toydemir
recruit_character = TUR_ahmet_fevzi_pasha
recruit_character = TUR_refet_pasha
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_esat_pasha
recruit_character = TUR_kazim_orbay
recruit_character = TUR_abdurrahman_gurman
recruit_character = TUR_fahrettin_altay
recruit_character = TUR_nazmi_solok
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_ali_ulgen
recruit_character = TUR_sukru_okan
recruit_character = TUR_rauf_orbay
recruit_character = TUR_sadik_altincan
recruit_character = TUR_riza_nur
recruit_character = TUR_nejdet_sancar
recruit_character = TUR_hilmi_uran
recruit_character = TUR_elyesa_bazna
recruit_character = TUR_halide_edib_adivar
recruit_character = TUR_kazim_ozalp
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_emin_yurdakul
recruit_character = TUR_nuri_demirag
recruit_character = TUR_nuri_killigil
recruit_character = TUR_said_i_nursi
recruit_character = TUR_mumtaz_okmen
recruit_character = TUR_zeki_velidi_togan
recruit_character = TUR_nazim_hikmet
recruit_character = TUR_memduh_tagmac
recruit_character = TUR_zeki_dogan
recruit_character = TUR_muzaffer_goksenin
recruit_character = TUR_vecihi_hurkus
recruit_character = TUR_ali_fuat_cebesoy
recruit_character = TUR_ahmet_ali_celikten
recruit_character = TUR_refet_bele
recruit_character = TUR_sabiha_gokcen
recruit_character = TUR_ali_ihsan_sabis
recruit_character = TUR_izzettin_calislar
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_fahri_engin
recruit_character = TUR_halil_kut
